hey this is Tim grimmer product manager
at Lowepro and today we're gonna check
out the new Pro roller attache X 50 it's
a newest addition to our pro roller
family and it's the ultimate solution
for the international traveling
photographer this bag is carry on legal
and it fits those strictest requirements
of 9 by 22 by 14 inches around like its
other Pro roller partners it offers all
the premium features and benefits from
the premium removable wheels to the to
the high quality bumpers easy grip
handles we got our ID space on the back
we have our premium YKK locking zippers
again the dual control telepods handle
with the quarter-twenty mount up top for
your lighting accessories one addition
is we have a hideaway prop foot that
comes out the front and one of the main
reasons for this is that the access to
this very drops open like this so now I
have really nice access angled towards
me easy to get to my gear and work out
of the pack the camera compartment holds
two to two bodies and two to three
lenses and accessories it's not the pro
body depth with a grip so it's great up
to like a 5d or a d700 if you have that
grip you're gonna have to remove it and
put it to the side again meeting those
international airline requirements up
front we have a slash pocket up here and
this is where your 14 inch laptop can go
up front here now we're gonna take a
closer look at the inside again this
angle is towards me which is a really
nice feature and the camera compartment
is completely
so taking this one step farther than the
other pro roller reserve packs this is
actually meant to be removed and worked
out of it is a great working bag first
I'm going to finish up with the roller
here because there's some more cool
features as as we told you this opens
sort of a no drop angle towards me
opening but with some clips inside I'm
able to open this like your traditional
rolling piece one scenario has you
packing your clothes in here carrying
your cameras in here and now you have
the perfect overnight travel solution so
again we have those luggage straps
inside to to tidy up your apparel and
your overnight your overnight gear then
basically you can get your personal gear
down here your camera gear and computer
up top and you're set for that
international travel now we look at this
shoulder bag which again is just such a
cool shoulder bag comes with this padded
shoulder strap really nice looking
working solution up front
I got quick access to Kies pens pencils
under the front flap is where I stow my
computer so I can move my computer from
the roller to the carrying shoulder bag
goes right under here again more
organization here a couple slash pockets
pens and pencils very protective for my
my laptop the camera access is very cool
it actually opens away from you so I
don't have to open a front flap to get
to my camera and actually just move that
front flap here and access my gear and
again just a great sort of working
solution and what's really neat is that
the top flap actually stays open so I
could even leave it like this and have
really great access to my here metal
d-rings and connections to the shoulder
strap really roomy side mesh pockets
which are great for water bottles lens
caps flashes and
thing there's just a quick drop place
for your accessories while your were on
the back side you have a nice slash
pocket which is great for magazines or
travel documents then you have your
trolleys leave again padded Charlie
sleeve so again for that overnight
solution to be able to stack your
shoulder bag on top of your roller and
get through those busy airports so we're
really excited about this modular travel
solution for photographers who are
traveling worldwide through busy
airports and need to get the most gear
on those planes as they can this is the
pro roller access SJ and we're real
excited we'll talk to you soon